some of the resource is that I believe are good to look at our. So, first
of all, YouTube has great information about leaders. Um, if you
just Google how to be a good leader, there are a lot of videos that
come up looking at the CIA knows book list or reading list. Those offer
a lot of books on leadership. Um, and if one more thing if you just
Google books on leadership, uh, they come up with a lot of books
is Well, one of my favorite books for me was the 1st 90 days. Uh, it's
a leadership book, and it talks about how you, um, strategically
plan your 1st 90 days, Um, in a leadership position. A Sfar as taking
a step back, getting to know your sailors, um, paying attention to,
um, Who your sailors are Are they there needs and your higher leadership,
your commanding officer and your XO. What? The expectations
for the organization is so for me that those were some great resource
is